# Quality issues with Apple Watch

I have been a big fan of Apple devices for a really long time. Right from the iPod 4th Generation (I still have it and it still works even after 14 years) with Video to iPhone 11 Pro. [image here]. Over the period of time I have used a lot of devices from Apple and swear by the quality, reliability and durability of Apple products. But sadly, nowadays the quality of the products has been declining quite a bit. Apple's image even took a beating after the [*Antenna-gate*](https://www.macworld.co.uk/feature/apple/antennagate-11-biggest-apple-scandals-3620624/#:~:text=Antennagate%3A%20%22You're%20holding%20it%20wrong%22&text=The%20iPhone%204%20was%20a,the%20reception%20to%20drop%20out.), [*Bendgate*](https://www.forbes.com/sites/gordonkelly/2018/05/24/apple-iphone-problem-iphone-6-iphone-6-plus-bend-touchscreen/) and [*Battery-gate*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batterygate) issues. But it weathered the storm and kept bringing great products. Although they may not have been bleeding edge or latest technology or even the most innovative, they were high quality products.

I'm afraid that there may be another scandal or issue brewing with its Apple Watch line of products. It could be called as *Watchgate* or *Screengate*. This is an issue with the Apple watch where the screen just pops off. I am not the only one facing this issue as there are threads on Apple community discusions which you can read [here](https://discussions.apple.com/thread/250048110) and [here](https://discussions.apple.com/thread/250349575). In fact one of my friends also faced this issue. It is a known issue and Apple has also acknowledged it as it is now a separate category on Apple's support page. I faced this issue with [Apple Watch Series 3](https://www.apple.com/apple-watch-series-3/) twice in the last 18 months. First time around it was within warranty and Apple quietly replaced the watch for me. But now when the screen popped the watch was out of warranty and they refused to repair it without me paying a ridiculous $159 repair fee. 

I was left with a watch whose screen had popped off and I could see the glue trying in vain to keep the assembly in place. Paying $159 for repair of a watch which I expected to again face the same issue didn't seem worth it so I kind of resigned to not use my Apple Watch again. My wife even suggested getting a [Fitbit](https://www.fitbit.com) so that we could be a Fitbit family. I was really frustrated and I fired off an email to [Tim Cook](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Cook) the text of which is below:

<Hello Mr. Cook, <br> I have been a lifelong Apple user starting from iPod 3rd generation and the successive products. In fact i have never used any other smart phone in my entire life. I was very excited and happy to buy my Apple watch 3 around 1.5 years ago but since then my experience with the renowned Apple quality has not been what I have come to expect. The screen has a tendency to come off very now and then and it appears that the glue used is of low quality. I have been using the watch as per Apple's recommendations and have never even once taken it in water.<br> I had it repaired once last year and it was replaced for me. Now the new watch has the same problem in less than 9-10 months and now I have been asked to pay $159 for repairing the watch which doesn't seem right to me. It clearly is either a design or a manufacturing defect resulting from usage of low quality components in the manufacturing process.<br> I have worked at Apple for a few years and I know the rigorous demands on quality that Apple has and working at Apple has shaped me and my career in a positive manner.<br> I just hope you will take the time to read this email and take the appropriate action. I really love the Apple Watch and feel really bad to stop using it because of the issue.>

I understand that Tim Cook is a busy man and he is preparing for Apple's event tomorrow on Oct 13th. But I believe he should address customer issues on priority.

Anyway, I slept over the issue and in the morning had a brain wave. What if I glue the screen with super glue? I always have some kind of all purpose super glue at home and this time around I had Gorilla Glue. So the first thing I did in the morning was to apply a little bit of Gorilla glue around the edge and put the screen back. I took care to not damage or displace the connector which connects the screen to the body. I had to factory reset the watch several times in the day (I don't know why it didn't start up immediately), but finally by the end of the day it started working again and now I am very happy and proud to say that I fixed the Apple Watch myself without paying the ridiculuous amount as repair charges and hopefully the watch is good for another couple of years.